hi - today we're playing Godzilla smash
3 there's just a whole freakin but you
got Zilla games are right now I can't
imagine why I guess this is just a
popular lizard man - the man and
potentially the lizard alright dude I'm
gonna smash three I'm gonna smash all
smash all 19 I'm not stopping a three
dude you can't stop me - if you can't
stop me fella oh my god oh my god what
the frickin hell I didn't expect to see
you in this game apparently I was very
I'm surprised I mean surprised I mean by
now okay wait a second watch we can
attack with this blue why would I want
to do that you're just trying to bite an
airplane what the hell all right attack
tiles blue is light yellow is medium or
just strongest okay longer matches deal
more damage so I guess we'll do this
freaking yellow take this airplane how
do you like that dude I actually do
really hate airplane so I don't really
feel too bad about this sorry I guess oh
you can go diagonal is this like dark
c'n rules that's kind of cool all right
I take this big attack how do you like
that how do you like that oh my god he
did not like that that was negative 122
him that little feather this airplane
has a lot of health you are a strong
airplane I'll admit fine a wave oh god
that's a lot of people that is a lot of
transportation vehicles I'm feeling a
little overwhelmed and I can do
different texts on them alright I see I
see what you're doing here you don't
everybody and we can go down here I'm
gonna be like dude you've got so much
blue for me to click on I'm gonna
freakin do it all do it all take it to
take it to the grave and we get this guy
and then they're there they're there oh
yeah do the whole the whole enchilada
enchiladas are usually blue copy of the
all right we'll do the yellow is that
smart I don't know maybe attention
building okay oh yeah the other ones are
stronger so I should always do that
right should probably stop doing the
blues cuz those are the weakest but who
cares dude I'm freaking Godzilla a lot
of time for rules I make my own rules
look at me go I'll show that moon I'm a
little bit blurry now all right so
there's levels I guess level two it is
what you're gonna do mr. Godzilla wreak
havoc as you do
understandable you're a good guy where
are you I don't freaking know it's got
daily good I don't know much about him
he's too big he's too big for me to wrap
my head around my hands not that big you
crazy it's also not that flexible plus
it's got those pokey things
atomic power oh god we're gonna
that atomic meter right on up right on
up there there you go and I can use my
oh my god I got atoms in my breath
apparently people named Adam how do you
like that if you know anyone a that
named Adam just let them know then we
can do yes we'll get rid of all of these
blues cuz there's only a million right
there you go there you go how do you
like this excuse me airplane shooting at
me could you hold on I have to do a
puzzle game really quick I don't know
what these are for but I'm gonna match
them I don't know what that is but I'm
gonna do it okay then we can do some of
this charge up the meter charge up for
the vegetarian or - no discrimination
mr. Godzilla you have fans from all over
we've many different things maybe our
plans maybe food okay oh so this is
healing I see dude I don't need a heal
frickin Pro I'm a freakin boss Pro the
pros boss you've ever had
speaking of which you're fired I'm not a
nice boss but I'm a pro boss
Rohit firing you in the past that wasn't
the all the experience I needed right
let's freakin fill up this bad boy there
you go you're such a bad boy just
kidding dude you're not that bad let's
do all of this yellows actually and got
a dead yet are you guys freaking it yeah
apparently not
all right well well that's alright
because dude I do I got some blues for
you do what you want blues I got your
bruise over here look at all those blues
take this take my foot and/or mouth I'm
not sure what I just did actually
whatever it is I'm sure it was just
menacing great thanks text links texts
good for my ego I am pretty great aren't
I no I don't know which way to go which
way would maximize my blue capability I
don't care whatever it's freakin get out
already please together you get on stage
complete oh yeah all your world's a
stage Godzilla everything you're doing
not even real it's not I'm really
happening I'm not even higher the share
of Godzilla's real don't break and tell
him that cuz he scares me but I'm not
really sure
Godzilla skeptic right freaking upgrade
menu I can do typical things let's do
this why not done I'm going to level
three the last level of the game I
assume because it is smash three after
all loading the hell out of this level
blast tiles match eight or more to
create a random blast or to create a
blast not a random one a very planned
ahead one
know what you're saying to me I'm just
gonna do it oh my god so it makes more
things go away it's all you gotta say
it's how you get sick dude it's gonna be
good it's gonna be the best like no one
ever was maybe it's simple slightly
similar but not completely the same as
anyone has ever been for that's all I
ask
it's all Tom I aspire to be right let's
do some of this Pat Tom breath cuz I
miss my friend named Adam he left me he
said my bread smelled and I'm like dude
it smells exactly like you how could you
say that he's like dude I know I know it
smells exactly like me and I don't smell
that great so I would know fair enough
Adam take this mr. boat what else we got
what else we got here let's do some of
this charge up dude I want to do my
super move I want to do my super move if
you could be so kind I'm gonna use these
blast tiles throw you up real good there
you go let me just let me keep going
just no need for biting you're freaking
the strongest airplane in the world
where the blast tiles that I use those
otherwise this is gonna take a year now
you get on one hit oh my god didn't
stand a chance didn't stand it all cuz
you're an airplane no legs no legs sorry
to remind you not that sorry though oh
my god there's more people all the
people I'm gonna charge this up real
good you ready for this are you freaking
ready for this guys I don't think you're
ready for I always possibility there you
go just take it just take it
thunk that ship sunk that battleship a
four it's always a four just always say
a four when you're playing this game
yeah no go back you're not getting the
proper blues the proper blues you're
making me feel a little blue stage
complete oh yeah dude on with freakin
feet or God concert God public speaker
dad Zilla easy it I'm sayin easy Roxanne
all right well Godzilla def how Hallows
howls at the moon I think I'm gonna stop
this here I mean it's pretty cool little
puzzle game and if you're in the guns in
that I mean it's a no-brainer check it
out you don't even need your brain leave
it at home even though it might help you
with the puzzles I would have to say I
like the previous Godzilla game that I
played better
that's just cuz you know you know I like
jumping out of airplanes instead of
biting them they don't taste very good
thanks for watching